src/content/docs/guides/how-to-use/marketplace.mdx, before:

---
title: Marketplace
---
import Tooltip from '/src/components/Tooltip.astro';
import homeImg from '/src/assets/guides/home.png';
import sidenavImg from '/src/assets/guides/sidenav.png';
import loginImg from '/src/assets/guides/login.png';
import signupImg from '/src/assets/guides/signup.png';
import marketplaceImg from '/src/assets/guides/marketplace.png';
import uploadImg from '/src/assets/guides/upload.png';

This page will teach you how to use the Reskin Marketplace.

## Uploading themes

To upload themes the Reskin Marketplace, you will need a Reskin account. For viewing other users' themes and downloading them, you won't need an account. Here's how to create an account:

<Tooltip
  src={homeImg.src}
  alt="Reskin app homepage screenshot"
  tooltips={[
    { x: 2, y: -2, text: "Open the side navigation." }
  ]}
/>

<Tooltip
  src={sidenavImg.src}
  alt="Reskin app side navigation screenshot"
  tooltips={[
    { x: 15, y: 10, text: "Press the Login button." }
  ]}
/>

<Tooltip
  src={loginImg.src}
  alt="Reskin app login page screenshot"
  tooltips={[
    { x: 15, y: 24, text: "If you have an account, enter your email here." },
    { x: 15, y: 39, text: "If you have an account, enter your password here." },
    { x: 15, y: 53, text: "Press the Login button." },
    { x: 55, y: 70, text: "If you don't have an account, click Sign up." },
  ]}
/>

<Tooltip
  src={signupImg.src}
  alt="Reskin app signup page screenshot"
  tooltips={[
    { x: 15, y: 24, text: "Enter your email address here." },
    { x: 15, y: 39, text: "Enter your desired username here." },
    { x: 15, y: 53, text: "Enter your desired password here." },
    { x: 55, y: 67, text: "Press the Sign up button." },
    { x: 55, y: 81, text: "If you have an account, click Log in." },
  ]}
/>

Now that you have a Reskin account, you can publish your own themes to the Marketplace! Here's how:

<Tooltip
  src={homeImg.src}
  alt="Reskin app homepage screenshot"
  tooltips={[
    { x: 2, y: -2, text: "Open the side navigation." }
  ]}
/>

<Tooltip
  src={sidenavImg.src}
  alt="Reskin app side navigation screenshot"
  tooltips={[
    { x: 50, y: 45, text: "Press the Marketplace button." }
  ]}
/>

<Tooltip
  src={marketplaceImg.src}
  alt="Reskin app marketplace screenshot"
  tooltips={[
    { x: 50, y: 0, text: "Press the Upload Theme button." }
  ]}
/>

<Tooltip
  src={uploadImg.src}
  alt="Reskin app marketplace theme uploader screenshot"
  tooltips={[
    { x: 10, y: 55, text: "Press the Choose file button to select the .reskin file you wish to upload." },
    { x: 80, y: 55, text: "Once the .reskin file has been selected, press the Upload theme button to upload it to the Marketplace." }
  ]}
/>

Congratulations! You have just uploaded your very own theme to the Reskin Marketplace.

## Downloading and installing themes from the Marketplace

Now let's download and install a theme from the Reskin Marketplace. Here's how:

<Tooltip
  src={homeImg.src}
  alt="Reskin app homepage screenshot"
  tooltips={[
    { x: 2, y: -2, text: "Open the side navigation." }
  ]}
/>

<Tooltip
  src={sidenavImg.src}
  alt="Reskin app side navigation screenshot"
  tooltips={[
    { x: 50, y: 45, text: "Press the Marketplace button." }
  ]}
/>

<Tooltip
  src={marketplaceImg.src}
  alt="Reskin app marketplace screenshot"
  tooltips={[
    { x: 50, y: 50, text: "Find the theme you want and click on it to show details about it." }
  ]}
/>

Once on the theme's page, press the Download Theme button to download it off of the Marketplace. Once it's downloaded, press the Apply Theme button to install the theme onto your system.

You have just dowloaded and installed a theme from the Reskin Marketplace! Congratulations!

Commit message:

Added contact form, Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

src/content/docs/guides/how-to-use/marketplace.mdx, after:

---
title: Marketplace
---
import Tooltip from '/src/components/Tooltip.astro';
import homeImg from '/src/assets/guides/home.png';
import sidenavImg from '/src/assets/guides/sidenav.png';
import loginImg from '/src/assets/guides/login.png';
import signupImg from '/src/assets/guides/signup.png';
import marketplaceImg from '/src/assets/guides/marketplace.png';
import uploadImg from '/src/assets/guides/upload.png';

This page will teach you how to use the Reskin Marketplace.

## Uploading themes

:::note
Please note that all themes uploaded to the Reskin Marketplace must follow the [Terms of Service](/terms-of-service).
:::

:::note
For information about how we collect, use, and share your personal data, please see our [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy).
:::

To upload themes the Reskin Marketplace, you will need a Reskin account. For viewing other users' themes and downloading them, you won't need an account. Here's how to create an account:

<Tooltip
  src={homeImg.src}
  alt="Reskin app homepage screenshot"
  tooltips={[
    { x: 2, y: -2, text: "Open the side navigation." }
  ]}
/>

<Tooltip
  src={sidenavImg.src}
  alt="Reskin app side navigation screenshot"
  tooltips={[
    { x: 15, y: 10, text: "Press the Login button." }
  ]}
/>

<Tooltip
  src={loginImg.src}
  alt="Reskin app login page screenshot"
  tooltips={[
    { x: 15, y: 24, text: "If you have an account, enter your email here." },
    { x: 15, y: 39, text: "If you have an account, enter your password here." },
    { x: 15, y: 53, text: "Press the Login button." },
    { x: 55, y: 70, text: "If you don't have an account, click Sign up." },
  ]}
/>

<Tooltip
  src={signupImg.src}
  alt="Reskin app signup page screenshot"
  tooltips={[
    { x: 15, y: 24, text: "Enter your email address here." },
    { x: 15, y: 39, text: "Enter your desired username here." },
    { x: 15, y: 53, text: "Enter your desired password here." },
    { x: 55, y: 67, text: "Press the Sign up button." },
    { x: 55, y: 81, text: "If you have an account, click Log in." },
  ]}
/>

Now that you have a Reskin account, you can publish your own themes to the Marketplace! Here's how:

<Tooltip
  src={homeImg.src}
  alt="Reskin app homepage screenshot"
  tooltips={[
    { x: 2, y: -2, text: "Open the side navigation." }
  ]}
/>

<Tooltip
  src={sidenavImg.src}
  alt="Reskin app side navigation screenshot"
  tooltips={[
    { x: 50, y: 45, text: "Press the Marketplace button." }
  ]}
/>

<Tooltip
  src={marketplaceImg.src}
  alt="Reskin app marketplace screenshot"
  tooltips={[
    { x: 50, y: 0, text: "Press the Upload Theme button." }
  ]}
/>

<Tooltip
  src={uploadImg.src}
  alt="Reskin app marketplace theme uploader screenshot"
  tooltips={[
    { x: 10, y: 55, text: "Press the Choose file button to select the .reskin file you wish to upload." },
    { x: 80, y: 55, text: "Once the .reskin file has been selected, press the Upload theme button to upload it to the Marketplace." }
  ]}
/>

Congratulations! You have just uploaded your very own theme to the Reskin Marketplace.

## Downloading and installing themes from the Marketplace

Now let's download and install a theme from the Reskin Marketplace. Here's how:

<Tooltip
  src={homeImg.src}
  alt="Reskin app homepage screenshot"
  tooltips={[
    { x: 2, y: -2, text: "Open the side navigation." }
  ]}
/>

<Tooltip
  src={sidenavImg.src}
  alt="Reskin app side navigation screenshot"
  tooltips={[
    { x: 50, y: 45, text: "Press the Marketplace button." }
  ]}
/>

<Tooltip
  src={marketplaceImg.src}
  alt="Reskin app marketplace screenshot"
  tooltips={[
    { x: 50, y: 50, text: "Find the theme you want and click on it to show details about it." }
  ]}
/>

Once on the theme's page, press the Download Theme button to download it off of the Marketplace. Once it's downloaded, press the Apply Theme button to install the theme onto your system.

You have just dowloaded and installed a theme from the Reskin Marketplace! Congratulations!
