src/content/docs/references/translation-guide.mdx, before:

---
title: Translation Guide
description: Getting started with translating Reskin
---

## Reskin Translation Guide

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Reskin! By providing a translation, you help bring the power of Reskin to a global audience.

:::note
Reskin version 1.5.0 or later is required to follow this guide. Please ensure the `package-lock.json`, `package.json`, `Cargo.toml` and `tauri.conf.json` files in your fork all have a version of `1.5.0` or above.
:::

## Prerequisites

Before starting your translation work, please ensure you meet the following requirements:

- GitHub Account: You must have a GitHub account to fork the repository and submit a Pull Request.

- Native Fluency: You should be a native or near-native speaker of the language you are translating to ensure accuracy and natural flow.

## How to Translate

The Reskin localization system (i18n) is designed for simplicity. All user-facing text is stored in separate, structured JSON files.

1. **Fork the Repository**

Start by forking the main `iamnotmega/reskin` repository on GitHub and clone it to your local machine.
<img width="1475" height="962" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/88eb38fd-5f9d-46cb-9bad-9bc64edfdcb5" />
When forking, make sure the "Copy the main branch only" option is unchecked. Once you have cloned your fork, run `git checkout dev` to switch to the dev branch.

2. **Locate the Language Folder**

Navigate to the source directory containing the language files in your forked repository:
```bash
cd /src/locales
```

3. **Create the New Translation File**

Create a new file in the `/src/locales` folder. The filename MUST be the two-letter ISO 639-1 language code followed by a `.json` extension (e.g., German should be `de.json`, Turkish should be `tr.json`). This standardized naming is required to ensure system consistency and maintainability. If you don't know the country code for the language you are translating, please find it in [this article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_639_language_codes).

4. **Copy the English Contents**

Copy ALL the content from the source file (`en.json`) and paste them into your new language file.

5. **Update the Metadata (_META)**

Edit the "_META" section at the very top of your new file to provide necessary documentation:

```json
  "_META": {
    "version": "1.5.0", // Replace with the version of Reskin in your fork (check `package-lock.json`, `package.json`, `Cargo.toml` or `tauri.conf.json` to find the version)
    "translators": ["YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME"], // Replace with your name/username
    "lastEdited": "2025/10/18",               // Replace with the date you finished (should be in DD/MM/YYYY (European) format)
    "language": "Language Name"       // Replace with the full name of the language (e.g., "Türkçe") in the NATIVE LANGUAGE
  },
```

6. **Translate the Strings**

Go through the entire file and replace the strings of text in the file with the correct language equivalent.

:::caution
DO NOT change the key names (e.g., do not rename authmodal.title.login). Changing keys will break the application for that language.
:::

7. **Perform Final Review**

- Check your translated file carefully:

- Ensure all entries are still valid JSON (no trailing commas, correct quote usage).

- Verify all original keys have a corresponding translated string.

8. **Commit and Push**

Commit your new `<language-code>.json` file with a clear commit message. Then, push the changes to your forked repository.

9. **Create a Pull Request (PR)**

On GitHub, create a Pull Request targeting the `dev` branch of the main `iamnotmega/reskin` repository.

10. **Merge and Release**

The pull request will be reviewed to verify the quality of the translation, and merge your work into `dev`. Your translation will then be included in the next official Reskin release!

## Updating Translations

If there are new keys that needed to be translated, do this:

1. Go to your forked repository's `dev` branch.

2. Sync the forked repository with upstream `dev` by clicking the "Sync Fork" button.

3. Go to `src/locales/en.json` and find the newly translated strings by either looking through the file or checking the latest commit's changes.

4. Once you have found the strings, copy them into your translation file (e.g `ee.json`) and translate them.

5. Commit your changes to the `dev` branch once finished and open a Pull Request as outlined in the previous section.

## Technical Reference

### Handling Variables

Some strings contain variables (e.g., `{selectedFile.name}`). You MUST keep these variables intact within the translated string.

Example:

English: `"status.applying": "Applying {selectedFile.name} → {destPath} ..."`

Translation (Estonian): `"status.applying": "Rakendatakse faili {selectedFile.name} → {destPath} ..."`

### The _META Section

Please ensure the `language` field reflects the native name of the language, as this is what is displayed to the user in the settings menu.

Commit message:

Update translation guide for new FTL file format

src/content/docs/references/translation-guide.mdx, after:

---
title: Translation Guide
description: Getting started with translating Reskin
---

## Reskin Translation Guide

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Reskin! By providing a translation, you help bring the power of Reskin to a global audience.

:::note
Reskin version 1.9.0 or later is required to follow this guide. Please ensure the `package-lock.json`, `package.json`, `Cargo.toml` and `tauri.conf.json` files in your fork all have a version of `1.9.0` or above.
:::

## Prerequisites

Before starting your translation work, please ensure you meet the following requirements:

- GitHub Account: You must have a GitHub account to fork the repository and submit a Pull Request.

- Native Fluency: You should be a native or near-native speaker of the language you are translating to ensure accuracy and natural flow.

## How to Translate

Reskin uses Mozilla's Fluent translation system (.ftl) for all of its translatable strings.

1. **Fork the Repository**

Start by forking the main `iamnotmega/reskin` repository on GitHub and clone it to your local machine.
<img width="1475" height="962" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/88eb38fd-5f9d-46cb-9bad-9bc64edfdcb5" />
When forking, make sure the "Copy the main branch only" option is unchecked. Once you have cloned your fork, run `git checkout dev` to switch to the dev branch.

2. **Locate the Language Folder**

Navigate to the source directory containing the language files in your forked repository:
```bash
cd /src/locales
```

3. **Create the New Translation File**

Create a new file in the `/src/locales` folder. The filename MUST be the two-letter ISO 639-1 language code followed by a `.ftl` extension (e.g., German should be `de.ftl`, Turkish should be `tr.ftl`). This standardized naming is required to ensure system consistency and maintainability. If you don't know the country code for the language you are translating, please find it in [this article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_639_language_codes).

4. **Copy the English Contents**

Copy ALL the content from the source file (`en.ftl`) and paste them into your new language file.

5. **Update the Metadata (_META)**

Edit the "_META" section at the very top of your new file to provide necessary documentation:

```ftl
_META-version = 1.8.0 # Application version while making the translation
_META-translators-0 = iamnotmega # The translator's name (can be more than one person)
_META-lastEdited = 21/12/2025 # When the file was last modified
_META-language = English # The name of the language (MUST be in the same language, e.g Eesti, Latviešu etc.)
```

6. **Translate the Strings**

Go through the entire file and replace the strings of text in the file with the correct language equivalent.

:::caution
DO NOT change the key names (e.g., do not rename authmodal-title-login). Changing keys will break the application for that language.
:::

7. **Perform Final Review**

- Check your translated file carefully:

- Ensure all entries are still in valid FTL syntax.

- Verify all original keys have a corresponding translated string.

8. **Commit and Push**

Commit your new `<language-code>.ftl` file with a clear commit message. Then, push the changes to your forked repository.

9. **Create a Pull Request (PR)**

On GitHub, create a Pull Request targeting the `dev` branch of the main `iamnotmega/reskin` repository.

10. **Merge and Release**

The pull request will be reviewed to verify the quality of the translation, and merge your work into `dev`. Your translation will then be included in the next official Reskin release!

## Updating Translations

If there are new keys that needed to be translated, do this:

1. Go to your forked repository's `dev` branch.

2. Sync the forked repository with upstream `dev` by clicking the "Sync Fork" button.

3. Go to `src/locales/en.ftl` and find the newly translated strings by either looking through the file or checking the latest commit's changes.

4. Once you have found the strings, copy them into your translation file (e.g `et.ftl`) and translate them.

5. Commit your changes to the `dev` branch once finished and open a Pull Request as outlined in the previous section.

## Technical Reference

### Handling Variables

Some strings contain variables (e.g., `{$selectedFile.name}`). You MUST keep these variables intact within the translated string and it must start with a **$**.

Example:

English: `status-applying = Applying {$selectedFile.name} → {$destPath} ...`

Translation (Estonian): `status-applying = Rakendatakse faili {$selectedFile.name} → {$destPath} ...`

### The _META Section

Please ensure the `language` field reflects the native name of the language, as this is what is displayed to the user in the settings menu.
